Issue 51432: LKSM: special character in sample names is not working well on various pages (#1658)
LabKey/labkey-ui-components: packages/components/releaseNotes/components.md

# @labkey/components
Components, models, actions, and utility functions for LabKey applications and pages

### version 6.X
*Released*: X 2024
- Issue 51432: LKSM: special character not working well on various pages

>   - Warn user about missing quotes when pasting data into editable grid that containing comma

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Warn user about missing quotes when pasting data into editable grid that contains a comma
```
